docs: add documentation for gradle tasks (#233)
SAP/neonbee: docs/development/gradle.md

- release - this task requires a project parameter, *-PnextVersion=<nextVersion>*, it updates the NeonBee version in *build.gradle* to *nextVersion* and also updates the *Changelog.*. Furthemore, it creates a commit with the changed files for release

## Gradle Verification Tasks
- **jacocoTestReport** - provides code coverage report for the project. The task requires the tests to run before generating the report. When the test task executes the `unitTest` and `longRunningTest` tasks, the jacocoTestReport task will read both of the two `*.exec` files as input
- **longRunningTest** - executes the JUnit tests which require more than 5s to execute. These tests are filtered by applying the `@Tag('longRunningTest)` annotations. Tha task extends the test task by providing, in addition, a default global timeout of 30s for these 'long running' tests. The task can also be executed with a project parameter `-PlongRunningTestTimeout=<timeout>`, to override the default timeout of 30s to *timeout*
- **sonarqube** - runs SonarQube analysis. The task requires some global properties to be configured, like the sonar server and the absolute paths of the JaCoCo and JUnit reports

> - **test** - executes all the JUnit tests. The task accepts a project parameter, *-PtestPlan=<default/withGlobalTimeout>*. If the task is called with `-PtestPlan=withGlobalTimeout`, the `unitTest` and `longRunningUnitTest` will be executed. In addition, it is also possible to provide a project parameter to modify the global timeout for each of these tasks by using `-PlongRunningTestTimeout=<timeout>` and/or  `-PunitTestTimeout=<timeout>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **test** - executes all the JUnit tests. The task accepts a project parameter, *-PtestPlan=<default/withGlobalTimeout>*. If the task is called without a parameter test plan `default` is chosen and all tests run with a timeout of 30s. If it is called with`-PtestPlan=withGlobalTimeout`, this task is calling the tasks `unitTest` and `longRunningUnitTest` which allows to modify the global timeout for each of these tasks by using `-PlongRunningTestTimeout=<timeout>` and/or  `-PunitTestTimeout=<timeout>`
```

Maybe we can it rephrase a little bit in this direction
